alright guys this is where detects Eevee
in Pokemon X&Y pretty much I got another
low health I'm gonna try to catch him
myself because if you guys didn't know
he actually evolves into sylveon which
is like the new fairy type like I don't
know how it falls into sylveon but it
does so I want to try to catch one for
my party
and it extinct come on it keeps doing
this like I don't know how much slower I
can get it though oh god it's gonna kill
me I can't hit it again because it's
gonna die so I guess I'm just gonna
throw another one come on come on still
I don't even think tapping it does
anything but I still do it on the way
yes there we go
I know obviously guess what he catch it
so he was caught and now let me show you
guys where to catch it
chameleon booty level 20 awesome and my
team Machop grew - nope you're not gonna
learn foresight because we don't got
time for that
all right there we go hey so pretty much
this is in route 10 and show you guys in
little where the bushes in just a second
nope alright so it's in my box now
alright so pretty much it's in these
bushes right here there's that's all
that there is to it really let me show
you guys there's about 10 right there
you go from cyllage city into route 10
on men here trail and it seemed these
dang it it's in the bushes right there
so that's it and I hope you guys enjoyed
I don't know what the percent for
catching this one is but it's still a
really cool Pokemon to catch so if you
guys are looking for a new Pokemon at
your party you might want to choose
Eevee because it's like catching well
it's six Pokemon has like six different
evolutions so I'm gonna try to get
sylveon and tell me what you guys are
gonna try to get if you do catch Navy
and yeah thank you for watching let's
try to reach 20 likes on this video to
be awesome and be sure to remember to
comment guys cuz I'd rather you guys
comment that you guys actually like so
if you guys do or for some reason making
up a choice between liking or commenting
I'd rather you guys comment so anyways
thing is watching and I'll see has a
nice video bye